# Instructions
## Running the program
1. Install Go
2. Run the setup script with the following command

   `sh setup.sh <VM_NUMBER>`

   `<VM_NUMBER>` should be a unique two digit integer between 1-10 (01, 02, 03, ...10). It is used to identify which log file in all the assigned demo files should be stored on the current macine
3. After running the setup script. Three folders should be created under the home directory (`~`): `test_log`, `test_log_copy`, and `log`. 

    -`log` contains a single log file extracted from all demo files. 
    
    -`test_log` and `test_log_copy` are used to store files generated during unit tests.
    
    **Please do NOT remove these folders**
4. cd into project folder: `cd cs425-mp1`
5. Start the server with `go run main.go`
6. The program will ask you whether it should be run in test mode. 
    
    Running in test mode (entering `Y`) means it will perform `grep` on the files generated by unit tests.

    Otherwise (entering another other character) means the program will perform `grep` on the assigned demo log files. (**select this if you are not running unit test**s)
7. Enter any grep command 

## Running unit tests
1. Please make sure you already perform step 1-5 mentioned in the section above

2. Enter `Y` when asked about whether the program should execute in test mode

3. open another terminal session and cd into `/cs425-mp1/test`

4. Run `go test` to run all the test cases. If you want to only run one/some test cases, run `go test -run <REGEX_FOR_TEST_CASE_NAMES>` instead
